feat(#1259): Add Pharmacovigilance ref app documentation (#1261)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/apps/examples/pharmacovigilance-reference-app.md

The CHA also uses the public report to record  outcome details, including outcome specification and recovery status. Using the public report form, the CHA is able to refer household members to the nearest facility for further review and care, this action generates a referral follow up task for the CHP. The referral follow up task appears 7 days after facility referral and guides the CHP to follow up referred cases to confirm if patients attended the referral . The CHP can also check the condition of patients and once they complete the referral follow up task, the CHA gets patient status notification task.

{{< figure src="Workflow.png" link="Workflow.png" class="right col-12 col-lg-12" >}}

### Death reporting and confirmation workflow

A CHP uses the assessment form to report a death caused by an adverse drug reaction, vaccination/immunization, or poor quality medicine; submission of a death report triggers a death confirmation task for a CHA.

> {{< figure src="deathReportingConfirmation.png" link="deathReportingConfirmation.png" class="right col-12 col-lg-12" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< figure src="deathReportingConfirmation.png" link="deathReportingConfirmation.png" class="right col-12 col-lg-12" >}}

## Resources to Get Started

Here are a few additional resources to help get you started with the pharmacovigilance health reference application.

- View the [configuration code for this reference app](https://github.com/medic/cht-accelerator/tree/main/IntelliSOFT/Example%20CHT%20application/cht_pvers)
- Install the reference app following these [easy installation instructions]({{< ref "apps/tutorials/local-setup" >}})
- Modify the pharmacovigilance reference application for your project context using [configuration best practices]({{< ref "design/best-practices" >}})

The open sharing of digital health apps used by CHWs is a monumental milestone in the digital health space, and for the CHT Community. Reach out on the [forum](https://forum.communityhealthtoolkit.org/) to share how you will leverage these resources, along with your feedback and continued innovations that could benefit the larger community.

```

In the spirit of openness and as a contribution to the CHT open source project, Medic and IntelliSOFT have coordinated to release the source code and the workflows documentation of the CHT Pharmacovigilance Reference app.
This reference app provides an example app that other CHT Implementers can learn how they can build pharmacovigilance workflows to help improve patient safety for community members they serve

## Key Pharmacovigilance Areas Supported

 1. Adverse Drug Reactions (ADRs): detect and report ADRs resulting from pharmaceutical products.
 2. Adverse Effects Following Immunization (AEFI): monitor and report adverse effects following immunization.
 3. Poor Quality Health Products and Technologies: identify and report incidents related to the use of poor-quality health products and technologies
 4. Death  Monitoring: Monitor, identify, report and record deaths resulting from monitored conditions within household members in the Pharmacovigilance application
  

## Users and hierarchy

```
insert diagram
```

## Pharmacovigilance workflows

### Pharmacovigilance workflow that supports reporting, referral and follow up of patients

> During a household visit, a CHP uses the pharmacovigilance app to assess household members for suspected severe adverse reactions from medication usage or recent vaccinations/immunisations. Using the assessment form a CHP records any suspicious issues   with the medication, such as unusual colour, smell, or packaging and adverse drug effects from medication and immunizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During a household visit, a CHP uses the pharmacovigilance app to assess household members for suspected severe adverse reactions to medication or recent vaccinations/immunizations. Using the assessment form, a CHP records any suspicious issues with the medication, such as unusual colour, smell, or packaging and adverse drug effects from medication and immunizations.
```

> A public report task is generated for a CHA if a CHP submits a suspected case of adverse reaction. The public report form captures information about the adverse effects and medications including side effects, onset date, and current status of the reaction. Additionally, the form captures medication details such as name of the medicine, manufacturer, purchase location, start date, stop date, and expiry date. In case of multiple medications, the form allows a CHA  to enter more details about each medication. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A public report task is generated for a CHA once a CHP submits a suspected case of adverse reaction. The public report form captures information about the adverse effects and medication including side effects, onset date, and current status of the reaction. Additionally, the form captures medication details such as name of the medicine, manufacturer, purchase location, start date, stop date, and expiry date. In case of a variety of medicines, the form allows a CHA to perform multiple entries. 
```

> The CHA also uses the public report to record  outcome details, including outcome specification and recovery status. Using the public report form, the CHA is able to refer household members to the nearest facility for  further review and care, this action generates a  referral follow up task for the CHP. The referral follow up task appears 7 days after facility referral and it guides CHPs to follow up referred cases to confirm if patients attended the referral and CHPs can also check condition of patients, once a CHP completes the referral follow up task, the CHA gets patient status notification task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CHA also uses the public report to record  outcome details, including outcome specification and recovery status. Using the public report form, the CHA is able to refer household members to the nearest facility for further review and care, this action generates a referral follow up task for the CHP. The referral follow up task appears 7 days after facility referral and guides the CHP to follow up referred cases to confirm if patients attended the referral . The CHP can also check the condition of patients and once they complete the referral follow up task, the CHA gets patient status notification task.
```

```
insert diagram
```

### Death reporting and confirmation workflow

> A CHP uses the assessment form to report a death caused by an adverse drug reaction, vaccination/immunisation, or poor quality medicine; submission of a death report triggers a death confirmation task for a CHA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A CHP uses the assessment form to report a death caused by an adverse drug reaction, vaccination/immunization, or poor quality medicine; submission of a death report triggers a death confirmation task for a CHA.
```
